.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## PR Checklist
Please check if your PR fulfills the following requirements:

- [ ] Tests for the changes have been added (for bug fixes / features)
- [ ] Docs have been added / updated (for bug fixes / features)

**If your build fails** due to your commit message not passing the build checks, please review the guidelines here: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-cli/blob/master/.github/Contributing.md.

## What is the current behavior?
<!-- Please describe the current behavior and link to a relevant issue. -->


## Issue Number:


## What is the new behavior?


## Does this PR introduce a breaking change?
<!-- If this PR contains a breaking change, please describe the impact and migration path for existing applications below. -->

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## New Imports
<!-- Are there any new imports or modules? If so, what are they used for and why? -->

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

## Specific Instructions
Are there any specific instructions or things that should be known prior to reviewing?


## Other information

Commit message:

ci: Updated PR template to latest approved template
Signed-off-by: Leonard Goodell <leonard.goodell@intel.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- Expected Commit Message Description (imported automatically by GitHub) -->
<!-- Must conform to [conventional commits guidelines](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-cli/blob/main/.github/Contributing.md) -->
<!-- Expected Commit message must contain Closes/Fixes #IssueNumber statement when there is a related issue -->

<!-- Add additional detailed description of need for change if no related issue -->

**If your build fails** due to your commit message not passing the build checks, please review the guidelines here: https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-cli/blob/main/.github/Contributing.md

## PR Checklist
Please check if your PR fulfills the following requirements:

- [ ] I am not introducing a breaking change (if you are, flag in conventional commit message with `BREAKING CHANGE:` describing the break)
- [ ] I am not introducing a new dependency (add notes below if you are)
- [ ] I have added unit tests for the new feature or bug fix (if not, why?)
- [ ] I have fully tested (add details below) this the new feature or bug fix (if not, why?)
- [ ] I have opened a PR for the related docs change (if not, why?)
  <link to docs PR>

## Testing Instructions
<!-- How can the reviewers test your change? -->

## New Dependency Instructions (If applicable)
<!-- Please follow [vetting instructions](https://wiki.edgexfoundry.org/display/FA/Vetting+Process+for+3rd+Party+Dependencies) and place results here -->
