.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug-report.md, before:

---
name: "\U0001F41EBug report"
about: Report a bug in the EdgeX CLI
labels: bug
---
<!--🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅

Hello there! 😄

To expedite issue processing please search open and closed issues before submitting a new one.
Existing issues often contain information about workarounds, resolution, or progress updates.

🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅-->


# 🐞 Bug Report

### Affected Command
<!-- Can you pin-point one or more EdgeX CLI commands (Device, Profile, etc...) as the source of the bug? -->
<!-- ✍️edit: --> The issue is located in: 


### Is this a regression?

<!-- Did this behavior work correctly in the previous version? -->
<!-- ✍️--> Yes, the previous version in which this bug was not present was: ....


### Description and Minimal Reproduction


## 🔥 Exception or Error
<pre><code>
<!-- If the issue is accompanied by an exception or an error, please share it below: -->
<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>


## 🌍  Your Environment
**Deployment Environment:**

**EdgeX Version:**


**Anything else relevant?**

Commit message:

docs: update issue templates to include required sections
and note not to remove template sections to keep this consistent with edgex-go

Signed-off-by: jpwhitemn <jpwhite_mn@yahoo.com>

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug-report.md, after:

---
name: "\U0001F41EBug report"
about: Report a bug in the EdgeX CLI
labels: bug
---
<!--🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅

Hello there! 😄

To expedite issue processing please search open and closed issues before submitting a new one.
Existing issues often contain information about workarounds, resolution, or progress updates.

Please do not remove sections of this template when submitting your issue.  If the section is not relevant to your issue, leave the section but enter "n/a" for not applicable.

Note some sections are marked "REQUIRED" and must be provided.  Never mark required sections "n/a".

🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅-->


# 🐞 Bug Report

### Affected Command  [**REQUIRED**]
<!-- Can you pin-point one or more EdgeX CLI commands (Device, Profile, etc...) as the source of the bug? -->
<!-- ✍️edit: --> The issue is located in: 


### Is this a regression?

<!-- Did this behavior work correctly in the previous version? -->
<!-- ✍️--> Yes, the previous version in which this bug was not present was: ....


### Description and Minimal Reproduction [**REQUIRED**]


## 🔥 Exception or Error
<pre><code>
<!-- If the issue is accompanied by an exception or an error, please share it below: -->
<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>


## 🌍  Your Environment
**Deployment Environment:**

**EdgeX Version [**REQUIRED**]:**


**Anything else relevant?**
